Fix issues in naming.md (#6821)
Shopify/polaris: polaris.shopify.com/content/foundations/content/naming.md

It’s important we use the word “Shopify” consistently, and sparingly. Don’t use
“Shopify” in a name unless there’s a lack of surrounding context and we want its target audience to know it’s associated with Shopify.

Adding “Shopify” doesn’t add clarity in the context of other Shopify products and features. For example, merchants often confuse Shopify Shipping with the other shipping features, like shipping settings, carrier calculated shipping rates, shipping labels, and shipping zones. Our support staff have to refer to the Shopify Plan by its cost because the general name doesn’t distinguish it from the other plans.

Use “Shopify” in front of a name when a product:

- Is or will become a separate product or platform and we need to associate it with Shopify
- Should be differentiated from other, similar products in the industry

> - Doesn’t justify an [evocative name](/content/naming#section-descriptive-vs-evocative-names), but still needs to associated with Shopify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Doesn’t justify an [evocative name](/content/naming#descriptive-vs-evocative-names), but still needs to associated with Shopify
```

Ran it locally and looks like links to other markdown sections don't work if you include `section-`

### Referring to Shopify and areas in the admin

> Use consistent and easy to understand descriptions when referring to locations in product, especially in [help documentation](/content/help-documentation#navigation). Descriptive feature names aren’t [capitalized](https://polaris.shopify.com/foundations/content/naming), but when providing steps in a workflow, it’s okay to capitalize the page name, for example, “Go to the Products page”. Note that the page name is capitalized, but “page” isn’t.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use consistent and easy to understand descriptions when referring to locations in product, especially in [help documentation](/content/help-documentation#navigation). Descriptive feature names aren’t [capitalized](/content/naming#general-guidelines), but when providing steps in a workflow, it’s okay to capitalize the page name, for example, “Go to the Products page”. Note that the page name is capitalized, but “page” isn’t.
```

changed ref for capitalized link
